---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Plans for the Week
description: Our Plans for Week 3
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 3} }
---

## Week 3 Plans
Soham and I's plan this week is to experiment on making a little videogame. We are thinking of making a small game involving a square which the player can control, and they have to avoid the moving bullets targeting the square. We are planning to do this by looking up online resources and using ChatGPT to explain the code to us, then we can start working on it.

## Pair Showcase Plans
- Ask Teacher questions and interact with them on Slack or live by end of Tue, Wed…. particularly interact with Teacher when you have posted a draft of your plan. This would be considered Collaboration. Try to get feedback from me on Plan.
- Review code with ChatGPT, perhaps ask "Can you provide a review of this code?" Then paste code. Curate response into page(s).
Make a plan on what you and your Pair plan to do, this must exist by Monday night. You should have proof in live review of a draft in GitHub Issues history.
- Results must have Linux and interaction in VSCode
- Results must of Python and interaction in VSCode
- Results must have Web interaction in JavaScript
- Build a review ticket in Time Box page to accelerate discussion.
- Bring tickets and tangibles into GitHub pages repo on your Time Box page.
- Plan your Pair Showcase, know exactly what you will present. Try to do it within 3 minutes.
- Linux Shell and Bash, Python IO, Python Tricks!, JS Output w/Jquery, JS Output w/Objects, JS Input.
- Option 1. Add to the lessons and making code cells and hacks for better breakdown and understanding
- Option 2. Combine all the concepts/requirements into something unique and you feel is awesome
