---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Plan Weeks 1
description: Grab of the Calculator from APCSA repo.
type: plans
courses: { 'csa': {'week':1} }
---

Week 1
What I completed/Overall review:
Lab Noteebok
Bash
Java
HTML/Javascript Calculator
Quality Collaboration
Overall I was able to complete everything however I want to get it done faster next week (present wednesday)

What I had trouble with it:
Lab Notebook Setup
Github Pages linking
I had trouble creating the similar table format Krishiv had with his lab notebook. I can change this later. For now I prefer the traditional Markdown blogging. Github Pages linking was a big problem for me right now and I have still haven’t fully solved this problem. I have trouble linking Jupyter Notebook .ipynb files on my site, however .html and .md files are solid.

How I troubleshooted problems:

I looked at your site, and understood the functionality of it as it is different than the Fastpages last year

What problems remained:
Lab Notebook table.

Friday
Tools Setup (kernels). This part was very comfortable.

Input:

jupyter kernelspec list
Output:

bash          /home/shaurya/.local/share/jupyter/kernels/bash
java          /home/shaurya/.local/share/jupyter/kernels/java
javascript    /home/shaurya/.local/share/jupyter/kernels/javascript
python3       /home/shaurya/.local/share/jupyter/kernels/
Monday
Bash setup/commands and blogging

Tuesday-Wednesday
HTML and Javascript Calculator Program

Thursday-Friday
Java Kernel Installation Java Coding